New Relic PHP 7 Agent Beta Test Agreement

This New Relic, Inc. Beta Test agreement (the “Agreement”) for the New Relic
PHP 7 Agent product and features is entered into by New Relic, Inc. (“New
Relic”) and “you” or “your,” as identified by the information associated with
your New Relic account. In the event you are agreeing to this Agreement on
behalf of a company or organization, “you” and “your” will refer to the entity
you are representing. 

The Effective Date of this Agreement shall be the date upon which you signify
your acceptance to these terms by selecting “I Agree” and submitting this form.
By using the Beta Services or the Confidential Information submitting this
form, or downloading any software related to the Beta Services, you are
representing that:

 You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of this
 Agreement;
 You are of legal age to form a binding contract with New Relic; and 
 You have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement personally or on
 behalf of the company or organization you have named as the user, and to bind
 that entity to this Agreement. 

If you do not agree to be bound by each of the terms and restrictions in this
Agreement, then New Relic is unable to allow you to participate in this Beta
Test. You and New Relic agree as follows:

This Agreement is a legal agreement between you and New Relic and it sets forth
restrictions and obligations governing your participation in New Relic’s beta
test, which includes your use of the Beta Services and other Confidential
Information during the Beta Period (the “Beta Test”). This Agreement also
includes a limited license for you to use the Beta Services and the
Confidential Information, as well as warranty and liability disclaimers. Any
agreement that you have executed governing the use of New Relic’s services
other than the Beta Services shall not have any effect on this Agreement and
are not applicable to your use of the Beta Services. Please read this Agreement
carefully before accessing or otherwise using the Beta Services or Confidential
Information. You may not access the Beta Service if you are a direct competitor
of New Relic, except with New Relic’s prior written consent.

1.	Definitions.

1.1	“Beta Period” means the time from your receipt of access to the Beta
Services until this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9 (Term
and Termination) below.

1.2	“Beta Services” means the beta versions of the New Relic PHP 7 Agent
product features and any related materials and information, including any
development tools, documentation, support materials, corrections and/or
updates, made accessible to you by New Relic (or by a third party host on New
Relic’s behalf), whether accessed before or after the Effective Date, through
the Internet or another network connection for use as governed by this
Agreement, including the Software.

1.3	 “Confidential Information” means the Beta Services or any related
information supplied to you by New Relic, and any Feedback (defined below).
Confidential Information includes, without limitation, whether in written,
verbal, graphic or electronic form, (a) the Beta Service’s and Software's
features and functionality, user interface details (including screen shots
thereof), capabilities, specifications, architectural diagrams, APIs and
related information, login identifiers, passwords, New Relic development
schedules, New Relic email lists, bug databases, know how, trade secrets, and
source code; (b) any Feedback regarding the same; (c) discussions of potential
features, product changes and Feedback, including the existence of any business
discussions, negotiations or agreements in progress between you and New Relic;
(d) your opinions about the Beta Services; and (e) the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

1.4	“Data” means any data that you provide or transmit or otherwise make
available as part of your use of the Beta Services. For the avoidance of doubt,
test results provided by you to New Relic regarding the Services is excluded
from this definition and is subject to Section 3 (Feedback) of this Agreement. 

1.5	“Feedback” means feedback based on or relating to evaluation of the Beta
Services, including without limitation, feedback on features or functionality,
usability, specifications, architectural diagrams, APIs, pricing and related
information, software or hardware compatibility, interoperability, performance,
bug reports, test results and documentation requirements, and may also include
suggestions or ideas for improvements or enhancements to the Beta Services. 

1.6	“Software” means versions of any software and related materials and
information in connection with the Beta Services, as determined by New Relic in
its sole discretion, including without limitation any development tools,
documentation, support materials, corrections and/or updates supplied by New
Relic to you for use. Use of the Software to access services provided by New
Relic that are outside the scope of this Agreement shall be governed by the
agreement applicable to those services.  

2.	Rights and Restrictions.  

2.1	Evaluation License.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, New Relic
hereby grants you a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free
license to install and/or use the Software and access the Beta Services during
the Beta Period solely for the purpose of internal evaluation of the Beta
Services and supplying Feedback to New Relic.  New Relic may provide software
through the Beta Services that is governed by an open source license. If there
are provisions in those open source licenses that expressly conflict with this
Agreement, then the relevant open source license terms will apply. ANY THIRD
PARTY TECHNOLOGY DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE
OF THE PRE-RELEASE SERVICES IS USED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU
WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES
OF ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, INTERNET ACCESS,
DOWNLOAD OR DISPLAY DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF
ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGY.

2.2	Beta Services. You acknowledge that your use of the Beta Services may
require the transmission of Data (e.g., data and user information) over the
Internet or another network. You represent and warrant that you have the
necessary rights to provide the Data to New Relic, and grant New Relic the
right to use the Data in connection with your use of the Beta Services. You
further acknowledge that New Relic may collect information on your usage of the
Beta Services and may use such information to modify, improve, or enhance the
Beta Services or your ability to access and use the Beta Services. New Relic
may provide you with the option to encrypt the transmission of your Data as
part of the Beta Services. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to
encrypt the transmission of your Data should you wish to protect it. In the
event you decide not to utilize encryption and transmit your Data unencrypted
over a network, you assume all related risks for doing so. New Relic will not
be liable for any liabilities arising from your use of the Beta Services or
Software (including your transmission of Data) over the Internet or other
network. You agree to have sole responsibility for any and all Personal
Information provided by you in the course of your participation in the Beta
Test, and New Relic will have no responsibility with respect to such Personal
Information. “Personal Information” is hereby defined as name, address, phone
number, e-mail address, IP address, or any other personally identifying
information that is provided via your use of the Beta Services.  

2.3	New Relic’s Intellectual Property Rights.  Except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement, you do not acquire any other licenses under any of New Relic’s
intellectual property or other proprietary rights.  You agree not to reverse
engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source
code of the Software.

2.4	Communication.  You agree not to (a) solicit or otherwise email other Beta
Services evaluators on any mail list used by New Relic to communicate
information regarding the Beta Services or (b) disclose such list(s) to any
party. Upon accessing the Beta Test or Beta Services, you may have access to
New Relic's Community Forum (the “Forum”) where there are a number of topic
areas including one specifically for beta users. By accessing the Forum, you
acknowledge that you are solely liable and responsible for your use of the
Forum and any information and any damages that may result from the disclosure
of your content. You also acknowledge that it is possible that you will be
exposed to materials from others that you may consider offensive, indecent, or
otherwise objectionable.  Views expressed on the Forum do not necessarily
reflect New Relic’s views. New Relic does not endorse content posted by you or
others. Certain content from others may be incorrectly labeled, rated, or
categorized. Your use of the Forum is subject to these Terms and our Community
Guidelines available at: https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/community-guidelines/22

3.	Feedback.  In the event you choose to provide New Relic with Feedback, you
grant New Relic a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free,
sub­licensable and transferrable right and license to publicly use, copy,
publicly display, distribute, modify, publicly perform, publish, reproduce,
make, use, sell and export the Feedback. You agree that you will not provide
any intellectual property as part of the Feedback. You further agree that you
have all rights necessary to provide the Feedback to New Relic and you
acknowledge that New Relic is not obligated to incorporate, use or otherwise
acknowledge any Feedback that you provide.

4.	Using the Beta Services. 

4.1 	Your Use of the Beta Services. You agree that while New Relic may store
Data, New Relic has no obligation to do so, and you further understand and
agree that your Data may be transferred to the United States for storage,
processing and use by New Relic in order to provide the Beta Services. In
addition, New Relic has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or
accuracy of the Beta Services, including the failure to store, transmit, or
receive transmission of the Data (whether or not processed by the Beta
Services), or the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other
communications originating with or involving use of the Beta Services. New
Relic retains the right, in its sole discretion, to create reasonable limits on
the storage of the Data. You shall not process or submit to the Beta Services
any Data that includes any (i) “personal health information,” as defined under
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, (ii) government issued
identification numbers, including Social Security numbers, driver’s license
numbers and other state-issued identification numbers; (iii) financial account
information, including bank account numbers; (iv) payment card data, including
credit card or debit card numbers, and (v) “sensitive” personal data, as
defined under Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament (“EU Directive”)
and any national laws adopted pursuant to the EU Directive, about residents of
Switzerland and any member country of the European Union, including racial or
ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership,
physical or mental health or condition, sexual life, or the commission or
alleged commission any crime or offense.

4.2 	 Monitoring. New Relic, in its sole discretion, may (but has no
obligation to) monitor or review the Beta Services or Data at any time. Without
limiting the foregoing, New Relic shall have the right, in its sole discretion,
to remove any of the Data in connection with the Beta Services for any reason,
including (but not limited to) if your Data or the use thereof violates the
terms of this Agreement or any law. Although New Relic does not generally
monitor your activity occurring in connection with the Beta Services, if New
Relic becomes aware that you may have violated any section of this Agreement,
New Relic reserves the right to investigate such possible violations, and New
Relic may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate your license to access
and use the Beta Services or remove the Data, in whole or in part, without
prior notice to you.  If New Relic believes that criminal activity has
occurred, New Relic reserves the right to refer the matter to, and to cooperate
with, any and all applicable law enforcement authorities. New Relic is
entitled, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any
information, including Data, in New Relic’s possession in connection with your
use of the Beta Services to (a) comply with applicable law, legal process or
governmental request, (b) enforce this Agreement, (c) respond to any claims
that Data violates the rights of third parties, (d) respond to your requests
for customer services, or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety
of New Relic, its users or the public, and law enforcement or other government
officials, as New Relic in its sole discretion believes to be necessary or
appropriate.

5.	Confidential Information.  You agree to hold the Confidential Information
in strict confidence and agree not to disclose it to any other party; provided,
however, that you may disclose Confidential Information to your employees (a)
with a need to know such Confidential Information and (b) that have each signed
a written agreement with you containing confidentiality obligations consistent
with those set forth in this Agreement.  You will treat Confidential
Information with the same degree of care as it accords to its own confidential
information, but in no event with less than reasonable care. Login identifiers
and passwords issued to you (or your employees) are intended for use by the
designated individual and shall not be shared with other individuals even if
those individuals are your employees. 

6.	No Warranty.  You acknowledge that the Beta Services are a prerelease
version and may be prone to bugs and/or stability issues. Any production use of
the Beta Services is at your own risk. You acknowledge that your use of the
Beta Services may cause your application or server to crash, and agree that New
Relic is not responsible for any resulting consequences. New Relic makes no
warranty that the Beta Services, the Software or Confidential Information will
meet be accurate or reliable, will meet your requirements, or will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. New Relic will have no
responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of
data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Beta
Services, the Software or the Confidential Information. No advice or
information, whether oral or written, obtained by you in connection with your
use of the Beta Services, the Software or the Confidential Information shall
create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms. New Relic provides the
Beta Services, Software and the Confidential Information to you “AS IS,” and
New Relic disclaims any warranty or liability obligations to you of any kind.
NEW RELIC MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH
RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY WITH REGARD TO PERFORMANCE,
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, SECURITY OR PRIVACY OF INFORMATION
TRANSMITTED TO AND FROM THE BETA SERVICES, AVAILABILITY OF THE BETA SERVICES,
NONINFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL NEW
RELIC BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST
PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF NEW
RELIC OR ANY NEW RELIC REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
BETA SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The foregoing
exclusions and limitations shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose. 

7.	Your Obligation to Return Information.  New Relic shall retain all right,
title and interest in the Beta Services (including the Software) and any
associated documents and Confidential Information. You shall return the
Confidential Information, the Software and any additional materials to New
Relic promptly at New Relic’s request, together with any copies. You agree to
destroy all versions of the Confidential Information either: (a) no later than
thirty (30) days after New Relic’s first commercial release of the Beta
Services or (b) immediately upon termination of this Agreement for any reason. 

8.	Export Restrictions.  You acknowledge that the Software licensed hereunder
may be subject to the export control laws and regulations of the U.S.A. and
other countries. You agree that you will not export or re-export the Software,
any part thereof, or any process or service that is the direct product of the
Software to any country, person or entity subject to U.S. export restrictions.

9.	Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date
and shall remain in effect with respect to the Beta Service until the earlier
of: (i) New Relic making the Beta Service or a successor version of the Beta
Service generally available or available for commercial release as solely
determined by New Relic, or (ii) New Relic ceasing to make the Beta Service
available to you. New Relic may terminate this Agreement for any reason,
including without limitation if you fail to comply with the terms of this
Agreement. You acknowledge that New Relic may discontinue making the Beta
Service available to you at any time at New Relic’s sole discretion, and may
never make the Beta Service or a successor version of the Beta Service
generally available.

10.	General. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the substantive laws in force in the State of California. The respective
state or federal courts located in San Francisco County, California shall have
non-exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement. You
also agree that the Beta Services, Software and Confidential Information will
not be rented, leased, sold, sublicensed, assigned or otherwise transferred.
Your obligations under this Agreement shall survive termination of the
Agreement and shall be binding upon your agents, representatives, heirs,
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not assign or
transfer this Agreement, by change of control or otherwise, without the prior
written consent of New Relic (which may be withheld in New Relic’s sole
discretion) and any such attempted assignment or transfer without New Relic’s
prior written consent will be null and void. Sections 1, 2.3, 3, 5, 6, 7 and 10
shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. This Agreement
(along with accompanying exhibits, if any) is the entire agreement between the
parties hereto concerning the Beta Services, Software and related Confidential
Information. It supersedes, and its terms govern, all prior proposals,
agreements, or other communications between the parties, oral or written,
regarding such subject matter. All notices or reports to New Relic as permitted
or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and must be received at
New Relic Inc., 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, ATTN: General Counsel, San
Francisco, CA 95105, USA by personal delivery or by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed given upon personal
delivery to or if sent by certified or registered mail, three (3) days after
the date of mailing. All notices or reports to you shall be delivered by
posting a notice, message, banner, or other form of alert to your New Relic
account, by email, or by facsimile transmission.  
